README.md, before:

# Skjema - Bestilling laboratorieanalyser og dataforvaltning

*Skjema - Bestilling laboratorieanalyser og dataforvaltning* is an Excel template for joint ordering of chemical analyzes from NIVAlab and Data management from Miljøinformatikk.

The user documentation for the order form is found within the sheet itself and at [Kilden](http://doc-o1.niva.no/symfoni/infoportal/publikasjon.nsf/redirectIntra?ReadForm&Url=http://doc-o1.niva.no/symfoni/infoportal/publikasjon.nsf/.vieShowWeb/51AE723016C35DA4C1257EB90045AFA4?OpenDocument "Infrastruktur > Miljøinformatikk > Dataforvaltning > Veiledning bestilling")

The approved versions of the document must be uploaded to [NIVApro](https://tqm2.tqmenterprise.no/NIVA/Publishing/Document/LoadLocalContent/17060?forOL1=niva) where the NIVA users can download it.

### Source code and version control

The source code is imported / exported to the two folders "Class Modules" and "Modules" with the macros UpdateFromGithub / PrepareForGithub. By doing this it will be easier to track the changes.

If you get an error "Programmatic Access To Visual Basic Project Is Not Trusted", you should try this:

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25638344/programmatic-access-to-visual-basic-project-is-not-trusted

Commit message:

Version number and protection
- Entered version number and dates in top text, this has to be set manual before uploading to tqm
- Changed some protection issues. Now protection is reset only when activating subs for new rows or columns, and not when activating sheet. And protection of worksheet structure is now set programmaticaly.
- Update md file with tqm info

README.md, after:

# Skjema - Bestilling laboratorieanalyser og dataforvaltning

*Skjema - Bestilling laboratorieanalyser og dataforvaltning* is an Excel template for joint ordering of chemical analyzes from NIVAlab and Data management from Miljøinformatikk.

The user documentation for the order form is found within the sheet itself and at [Kilden](http://doc-o1.niva.no/symfoni/infoportal/publikasjon.nsf/redirectIntra?ReadForm&Url=http://doc-o1.niva.no/symfoni/infoportal/publikasjon.nsf/.vieShowWeb/51AE723016C35DA4C1257EB90045AFA4?OpenDocument "Infrastruktur > Miljøinformatikk > Dataforvaltning > Veiledning bestilling")



### Order form home in NIVApro (TQM)

The approved versions of the document must be uploaded to [NIVApro](https://tqm2.tqmenterprise.no/NIVA/Publishing/Document/LoadLocalContent/17060?forOL1=niva) where the NIVA end users can download it. Due to a bug in TQM,the version number and approved/revised dates must be set manually in top text of excel sheet before uploading to TQM. In TQM, field "*Leseversjon*" must be set to "*Original*". Se email "Fwd Ny melding fra 4humanTQM.no - Send oss en melding.pdf" for information from *4human TQM*.



### Source code and version control

The source code is imported / exported to the two folders "Class Modules" and "Modules" with the macros UpdateFromGithub / PrepareForGithub. By doing this it will be easier to track the changes.

If you get an error "Programmatic Access To Visual Basic Project Is Not Trusted", you should try this:

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25638344/programmatic-access-to-visual-basic-project-is-not-trusted
